---
title: Todo List Saves The Day
description: 
date: 2020-05-03
tags:
  ['pandemic journal']
layout: layouts/post.njk
---

Week three of the virus and I've caved to the todo list. I don't like using them because there's a huge stupid part of me that thinks I'm above using them. As if using is proof of my incompetence. The best part of a todo list is how it forces me to stop focusing on things I can't control and that has worked more wonders than walking, yoga and slowly drinking coffee combined.

From reading and talking to other people, I can see my feelings of guilt  are not unique (God I want this to be over but also how privelaged am I to have catastrophe pay, to live in a decent sized apartment with roommates and cats, to live in a non dense area that gives me permission to take walks, to have internet, books, games?). And also neither is my lack of knowledge.

Every day, we are learning more and more about this virus. Almost overnight, previous assumptions are proven false. Having an opinion on this seems silly.  It's best to leave this to the professionals. But like spectators following a sport, it's hard not to follow the numbers and catch patterns and try to predict what will happen.
[[MORE]]

## Summaries thus far

**Learning on the Internet**

*   [Grid and Flexbox tutorial](https://getflywheel.com/layout/combine-flexbox-and-css-grids-for-layouts-how-to/)
*   [Dark Mode Tutorial](https://dev.to/ananyaneogi/create-a-dark-light-mode-switch-with-css-variables-34l8) well, it's kind of funny how slow I am to learning variables

**Reading on the Internet**

Reading other people's experiences is calming. Also I desperately miss Old School blogging. And I'm glad it is still alive and kicking

*   [Anh's Blog](https://botanhical.com/) She inspired me to try to blog more frequently. Even if it's about nothing. This post is basically nothing.
*   [Koos' Covid  Journal](https://www.kooslooijesteijn.net/journal-newest-first) I    find these posts validating especially because his posts start at about the time covid started effecting me (March 14).
*   [Ali Abdaal News Letter](https://email.aliabdaal.com/) I hate subscribing to news letters mainly because I hate looking at my e-mail. Most mail I get is nonsense and so being the inefficent bum that I am, I put news letters I like in a blog post (such as this one).
*   [Tatiana Mac's Writing](https://tatianamac.com/writing) Her writing style is jam packed with personality. Reminds me of reading Vonnegut. Everything's been reminding me of him lately.

Speaking of which:

**Reading off the Internet**

Finished Breakfast of Champions: Good, short book. He has a welcoming dark way of writing. I wonder if this book brought any meaningful discussion about race. I grew up in upstate New York and I read To Kill a Mockingbird etc but I don't know how to put it into words, we read books in a way that didn't make us feel uncomfortable we didn't really talk about the substance of the books. Vonnegut's is an interesting read because he is aware but his characters don't do much and maybe that's his point?

Interesting also is Dwayne Hoover's conclusion that people are machines. I've been bothered for a while about a drive for machine like precision from people. I'm going to put this thought on the back burner until I can better clearly explain what I mean and what I fear.

I started reading Tin Drum. That's it.

**Played**

*   Journey: it's a calming puzzle solving game with an incredible sound
track
*   Manifold Garden: I didn't finish. I eventually got bored. The
novelness of a geometric world kind of wears off quickly
*   Assemble with Care: Also did not finish because Apple's free trial
ended. I loved Monument Valley so much and that is the only reason I
tried this game.